---
layout: post
title:  "Week 2"
date:   2016-09-04 23:33:22 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---
## What did you do this past week?

I started working on the Collatz project. I became more familiar with Docker as well as Travis CI. 

## What's in your way?

Currently, time is in my way. I should have started earlier, but I know the office hours this week will catch me up.

## What will you do next week?

I will finish my project. Hopefully, I will do it in a timely manner. I will not stress out when a bug appears but stay determined. I will also enjoy the Monday off.

## Experience

This week has been good. I appreciate Professor Downing taking class time to go through the project and explaining the steps. This is important for students like me who do not fully understand the process and documetation for creating programs. 

I especially enjoyed the guest announcer on Friday for two reasons. One reason was because there was no quiz. Second reason because it gave me the opportunity to sign up for Longhorn Startup. I'm glad Professor Downing was persistent with our students to be in this one hour class. I am hoping I enjoy this class so I can be in the Longhorn Startup Lab next semester. I already have friends across different majors in this class. It's going to be exciting to see how ideas really come to life with people across different disciplines. As much as software engineers can write the greatest application, the app will go no where without the business behind it.

## Tip-of-the-week

Know when office hours are before hand. Then you won't regret that office hours have finished at 8:05 on Tuesday. Also, know what each command is really doing instead of simply following the instructions to get the results you need. Understanding now will prevent continuous Google searches. 