---
layout: post
title:  "Week 12"
date:   2016-11-13 21:43:22 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---
## What did you do this past week?

This past week we began to look at the fifth project. We assigned our roles to each other. I hope we are all able to be productive in a timely manner. I am using D3 for the first time so I am hoping I can learn and produce a successful item in a short amount of time.


## What's in your way?

My lack of knowledge for D3 is in the way. I need to spend more time learning the tool and finding good tutorials for it. If any are found, I would like to know as well.

## What will you do next week?

Wrap up all our projects for this class! The week a project due is always a little stressful, so I hope I am able to balance everything else in my life at the same time.

## Experience

Not going to lie, class this week has been very confusing. I have not been able to understand any of the questions asked in class. I do later understand the answer once it's given. I wish we knew how everything we learn relates to one another, because right now it seems a lot of random information. Yes, this information is all useful, but for classes at this level it can be difficult to learn the depth of some of the topics when there is such wide variety of topics as well. I think what makes it even more difficult, is that we are not implementing anything we have learned in class the last few weeks. If we were implementing what we are learning, I would probably not be as frustrated as I am.

## Tip-of-the-week

Two things from <a href="https://simpleprogrammer.com/2015/01/05/24-quick-tips-to-boost-your-career-as-a-software-engineer-this-year/" target = "_blank"> this</a> article that stood out to me:

1. The first tip of being a self-learner is very true for this field. There are so many languages and tools that you have to use in this industry that you no one will teach you. You have to go out on your own to learn it.

2. The 24th tip stood out to me because I don't spend too much time actively pursuing a specialization. I feel I have said what I wanted to specialize in, but don't go out of my way to further myself in it.